chore: updates to various tools (makefile, tox, templates, docs, ...) (#2816)
fetchai/agents-aea: README.md

  <a href="https://pypi.org/project/aea/">
    <img alt="PyPI - Python Version" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/aea">
  </a>

>   <a>

Author: Initial clean up which I started but will finish later (after these changes are reviewed/CI passes)

  <a href="">
    <img alt="Codecov" src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/fetchai/agents-aea">
  </a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/hy8SyhNnXf">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/441214316524339210.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=fff&label=Discord&color=7389d8" alt="Discord conversation" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
A framework for developing autonomous economic agents (AEAs)
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="/data/aea.png?raw=true" alt="AEA Description" width="70%"/>
</p>

## To install

> 1. Create and launch a clean virtual environment with Python 3.7 (any Python `>=` 3.6 works):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create and launch a clean virtual environment with Python 3.10 (any Python `>=` 3.8 works):
```

Author: Yep will do a proper pass at README next.
